
Documentation for inventory files.

  Description:

    Inventory files hold all data regarding weapons, grenades, utilities, strategies and hardcore
    settings. These files are located in the 'data' folder in the 'inventory' subdirectory. 
    These files have a very specific syntax, which can vary between different inventory types.



  How the inventory works internally:

    The inventory files are read, parsed and checked for their integrity one at a time. Then
    a random integer is created suiting the current inventory file which effectively describes
    the item that is chosen for output. In case of a seed-import, the list of items returned, 
    is searched for a matching item id and then the data of this item is chosen as output.
    Inventory files can be expanded by anyone who gets the syntax.



  Intention:

    Make it easy to add new items, say after Valve decides to add a new weapon, grenade or utility
    to the game. Same goes for strats, allow the easy modification of this file to expand the strat
    inventory available. 



  Default inventory files:

    Note: the supplied inventory files have been created with the latest set of items (as of 09/2019).
    Some item entries may occure two or up to three times, this is to keep their the chance of being
    generated as balanced as possible. Responsible for this are the alternates for several but mostly
    the ct-sited weapon slots, since some alternates (M4A1-S and USP-S) can and should be used twice, 
    once with and once without the suppressor screwed on.

      e.q.:
            A:
                1. M4A4   (non-silenced weapon)
                2. M4A1-S (alternative, silenced weapon )
                3. M4A1   (alternative, silenced weapon, but used without suppressor)
                4. Nova   \
                5. Nova    } (listed three times for balancing reason)
                6. Nova   /
                ...
            B:  
                1. P2000  (non-silenced pistol)
                2. USP-S  (alternative, silenced pistol)
                3. USP    (alternative, silenced pistol, but used without suppressor)
                4. Tec-9  \
                5. Tec-9   } (listed three times for balancing reason)
                6. Tec-9  /
                ...



  Syntax:

    Item inventory files: 

      Item Name:item_buy,ct-price-t-price,item_id
  
      - Item Name  |  The name of the item as it is displayed in-game
      - item_buy   |  The part of you type into the command line when having keybinds 
      - ct-price   |  The cost of this item on CT-Side
      - t-prive    |  The cost of this item on T-Side
      - item_id    |  The unique identifier for this item in the scope of the respective inventory file

      Notes:
        
        If the item costs the same on T & CT-Side, these two values will be equal.
        If the item cannot be bought on either of the two sides, the value for the
        side is expected to be zero.



    Strat inventory files:

      Strat Name:strat_description,strat_score,strat_id

      - Strat name         |  The name of the strategy
      - strat_description  |  Describe the strat with more detail
      - strat_score        |  How hard the strat is to execute, this score is processed internally only
      - strat_id           |  The unique identifier for this strategy

      Notes: 

        Using a semicolon (';') in the strat description will force a newline.
        The strat_description should provide details about how the strat actaully works, while
        the Strat Name should only contain a short, fitting name for the strat

